As you just saw, there's a huge amount of tools that
exist in the Ethereum developer ecosystem.
While it can seem overwhelming at first,
the important thing to realize is that you're not alone.
All these tools were built by a Ethereums thriving ecosystem of developers,
and they've also built communities to connect with one another.
A huge part of becoming
an Ethereum blockchain developer is connecting to these communities.
They'll give you help when you need it.
Help you learn about new ideas in the space,
and give you the opportunity to give back and support others when they might need it too.
So, before moving on,
I'll show you how to quickly get involved with some of these communities.
An easy way to find them is to go back to
etherium.org and scroll to the bottom of the page.
Here, you'll see the community,
details about the Ethereum Foundation and some developer resources.
On their blog, you'll see announcements about
things that are going on with the Ethereum Foundation.
Things like sponsorships, grants bugfixes, and more.
Will show up on this blog and it's definitely worth checking out from time to time.
On their GitHub page, you'll find the code
behind all the projects they are currently working on.
To start, search through this page to learn more about these projects.
Later, you can look further into the code to
see exactly how Ethereum works under the hood.
As you get more advanced,
you can even start contributing code to the projects for yourself.
The Ethereum YouTube page is another great space to learn about
both the details of Ethereum and the latest news in the space.
Everything from descriptions to basic,
intermediate, and advanced topics,
as well as talks given by developers at conferences can be found on their YouTube page.
I suggest starting with this main video.
It gives a great introduction to the Ethereum world computer.
On their Reddit page, like any Reddit page,
you'll find discussions between people across topics related to Ethereum.
You can check out their Subreddit to see what
the latest discussions are and you can usually find some critical topics that come up.
Ethereums community chat is located on Gitter.
Gitter is an instant messaging chat application that
splits up chats in the rooms based on important topics.
As you can see, there's a lot of people in
these rooms with more than 15,000 just in the welcome room.
You'll never run out of conversation if you get
involved with the Ethereum Gitter chat rooms.
Look you already know some of these terms;
go-ethereum is Geth, then there's solidity, Web3 and remix.
You'll even find tutorials here that'll help you out with some of these tools.
For even more news about what's going on in the Ethereum space,
you could follow their Twitter or Facebook page.
You might already be on top of the news shared here
if you're deeply involved with the other communities,
but it's a great way to get the best highlights and stay up to date.
Once you start developing,
you'll probably have a lot of questions.
The place to go for answers to development needs is the the Ethereum Stack Exchange.
This works the same stack for any other tool.
If you're unfamiliar with it at this point,
welcome to your new best friend.
Finally, there's tons of events taking place all over the world.
If you want to get out and meet people throughout these communities,
Meetup is the perfect place to look.
Things really start to get exciting when you get out and talk with
other people that are excited about developing on the Ethereum platform.
Who knows, maybe soon you'll be running your own local Meetups. All right.
So, that wraps up a quick look at the Ethereum communities.
Getting involved with the community of developers is really the difference maker
when it comes to truly making an impact with decentralized applications.
Hopefully, you take the time to join some of these communities,
and when you do, maybe I'll see you there.